All right.
In the last section, we have completed the loading effect of our website.
In this section, we're going to deploy it to Versal and keep it online so you can share it with your
friends and family or put it in your portfolio.
So the website we're going to use for deploying our website is very solid.
So we're going to search Versal on Google and in the search results we can click on Versal dot com.
And it's very it's very it's free to use Versal.
You can deploy your website as you can see.
I have already.
And have many websites in this platform.
They give you many free tiers you can use.
And then as you can see, I'm just using the hobby to free one.
But I could manage to put many websites in my in this platform.
So makes you sure that you are already signed in with your account.
And then what you do here is to click on Add new.
Project.
And this is going to bring you here.
If you are not signing with your GitHub repository, you can sign in here with your GitHub repository
and see all the website that you have inside GitHub.
Showing here, for example, this one is the one that I was committing throughout the projects.
So it is a started 12 days ago and when we want to deploy it, you just simply click on import.
And when you click on import, you can just change your project name and it's already detected.
This is a nexus framework and you want to use the root directory for this one.
That is okay.
And also here, before click on deploy, you just need to add your environmental variables that you
have inside the project.
So you need to come back to Visual Studio Code, go to Explorer section using Contour Shift E, just
click on the dot and file here and here.
Just you need to copy paste your environmental variables.
So I'm going to copy the first one.
Put it here.
I'm going to come back.
Just create.
Copy the other one.
Paste it here.
So we need to add two more.
One is API key.
Let me copy it.
Hey.
And the last point is context key.
Great.
Simply copy, paste all of them and add it here.
Now that you have all your.
Environmental variables.
Actually, Verso has a system that can protect all these information.
Felt so the users cannot see your API keys.
So now you can click on deploy.
This is going to deploy the.
Your application.
This is takes usually less than one minute to deploy your website.
You can check your building, which is going to get the first is going to clone your GitHub repository
and also done the virtual build.
So we're not doing the actually next build or something virtual is going to do it all for us.
So, so make it optimized for the to be faster and better.
And if you have some warning or or some problem you can see here.
And also it's going to create the aesthetic pages.
And you have some warning.
This is for experimental warning.
That is fine because.
This feature is new next year 13.
We are using the beta version.
That is all right.
So I think it's already completed.
Okay.
That is finished.
And then they're going to say, you congratulation.
And you can see that your website is here.
And with some domains.
Now, if you click on this picture, you're going to see your website online.
So I'm going to test this one.
So I'm going to click on Hello.
So you're going to search for Hello.
You can see if you get.
As you can see, this is the problem of the next year.
13.
Some of the features doesn't work on Versal.
The one that doesn't work is you cannot read this search term hello here.
And instead is seeing the search term undefined.
All right.
There is a solution for that.
I have searched inside the word solve GitHub repository and some people had the same problem.
So, uh, it's very simple to fix this problem.
You need to go back to Visual City Code.
You go to page that gsx the places that you you need these things like a search perhaps only had a problem
for the server side.
It cannot get this a start index or search term.
So what you do here, here at a top, this is for the image.
So for the image, you just go at the top.
Create some space and just make this a statement.
Export.
And create a constant.
And then we just say dynamic.
And this is going to be equal to four force.
Dash dynamic.
And also you can just do the same things for the other page.
So you're going to copy this one.
Go to page six of the Web as well.
And then here, just paste it at the top.
So now let's test this.
We need to add this one to the GitHub repository.
So you need to open the source control again.
Add these two lines and here you just say, for example.
Fix.
The dynamic problem you can say or the reverse of.
Problem.
Again, we're going to commit and push.
This is going to automatically create a deploy our website again.
For example, if we come back again to our new projects, which is this one.
And you go to deployment, you can see that it's just started to build again.
So you don't need to worry about it any time you create a new commit and push to GitHub.
Versal is going to detect it and create your website again.
So I'm going to click here to see the.
As you can see, it's just ready now.
So now we can click again.
And go to the website.
So let's try again.
For example, a search.
Hello again.
And you're going to notice that this is much faster.
But as you can see, it's working.
We have the loading effect and also.
Let's see what we got.
Something went wrong.
And, uh.
So let's try the image.
Okay.
Maybe if we got the too many requests.
One.
Let me pause the video and I'll be back when it is ready.
All right.
I have fixed the problem because we have added 10 seconds of waiting.
So that was the maximum execution time for Versal.
So now we have more commits in our GitHub repository if you go to the last commit.
I just have to remove the waiting promise instead of 10 seconds.
I have created 2 seconds waiting, so we're going to show the loading effect as well.
So now if we go to a home page and we search for, for example.
Hello.
And then we can see the search result for Hello.
Let's see that if the pagination works.
So the first one is Adelaide.
The music official music video if you go to next.
We're going to see a different one and then for the image.
The loading is working after 2 seconds to see the results.
So the first image is not exists.
Let's click the next one and then.
Kate, We should see the next page.
Think I haven't clicked it properly.
Okay, Now we went to the next page with the different images, and also the footer is working the API
for the country.
Okay, So.
All right, that was it for the project.
I hope you enjoyed and learn many things.
If you have any suggestion for the new ideas or if you want me to add more functionality to this website,
let me know.
So see in the next project.